If you don't practice hard
This palace will smoke your mother for your father
Why didn't I?
Is the course arranged by His Highness for me too tight?
I feel like a child
Do you know why I brought you to the palace today?
Why is that?
The child in the princess's belly
Is your future wife
As future parents
Shouldn't you try?
Why do you get married? How can you listen to the arrangement?
i
I will never give in
Hahaha, you kid doesn't like my daughter.
I cut you and me with one arrow
The war was smoother than Ye Xuan had expected
It took him six months to reach Tamagi Pass
It took another two months to recover Yuchengguan
Then it took almost a month
Clean up sporadic ghosts
Only then did the demons and ghosts be completely expelled from the customs
But we all do.
That's only temporary
And in Bai Bai's heart, he still remembers his grandfather
Negative Swordsman Gu Changxi
My sister draws really well.
Just kidding back then
I don't know how many books I have drawn on Earth
When the baby is born, sister
Draw one for your baby too
Sure
No.
I'm really going to have a baby
I don't want to experience what it's like to have a baby.
It's killing me.